that Christians would be getting an
exemption from all this? Why would
Christians who are not responsible for
Christian terror? There's no such thing.
Why would they be penalized for this?
Why wouldn't they, again, when the
patron saint state is majority
Christian, why wouldn't the Christians
there be getting some kind of special
pass? I I just don't understand that.
Why punish the Christians for Islamic
terror?
>> Because I don't think it's Islamic
terror that's taking place in the first
place. I think we have to disabuse
ourselves of that notion that this is a
a battle between Muslim and Jew.
>> Oh man, I'm going to I'm going to say
this to Liam Tough. Oh man, you didn't
have me on your podcast, man. But
Ladies and gentlemen from all around the
world, today is Sunday, July the 27th,
2025 and we gathered here in South Gaza
Strip
to share our concerns about the ongoing
crisis in Gaza Strip. During the
humanitarian crisis that Gaza and his
people are undergoing,
food in general and flour, bread
especially is becoming luxurious and
rare. It's not available for the
citizens. So our mission here to support
the citizens and to help their their
lives to be better by giving them these
trips. On behalf of those citizens and
those families, we thank what forever
for his wonderful support. It will be a
reason and making the people happy.
Thank you for being a reason in this
effort.
Ever
halalamlaykum
[Music]
brothers and sisters and dear friends
came across this amazing amazing podcast
and Allah subhanaa tala works in
mysterious ways. Subhan Allah. So
brothers and sisters, this is a podcast
which I would if you guys want to watch
the full thing, you can on Tucker
Carlson network. So Tucker Carlson is
interviewing Mother Agapia if Agapia, I
think that's what her name is. I mean
the way she look, we're going to go
straight to the reaction video straight
into Inshallah. She looks like a Muslim
woman. Here is what she has to say. She
is someone that lives if I'm not
mistaken in the occupied Palestinian
territories or in the West Bank,
somewhere along along those lines. Look
at her experience. Cuz you got the
people like Tommy Robinson, the scumbag,
dirt bag, uh you know, and you've got
his little friends, buddies, Liam Tough,
Liam Tuff, who was going to have me on
his podcast and changed his mind all of
a sudden. I wonder why. Uh he has so
many stolen phobes and got one imam and
I asked him, which he invited me first
and then changed his mind because of uh
some reasons, whatever it is for that
matter, but he will refuse to have me on
there because he knows I will expose his
friend Tommy Robinson and I and I will
shred him into pieces and I told him
this and that's the reason he probably
canled. So Liam Tough, if you uh are
really about freedom of speech, uh
number one, uh um get me on the show. I
don't need to be on your show. I'm I'm
just challenging you to an open
discussion, an open dialogue. Yes, if
you are sincere, if you're not
Islamophob, let's have a sincere
discussion. But other than that, let's
go to people like Tucker Carlson who's
actual sincere and want to understand
what's really going on in Palestine, in
here is the video. Let's watch for
oursel.
>> A Christian can't.
>> No. Without permission from Israel. Um
that's interesting because I mean those
those Christians that you're describing
I mean they're the descents of of the
>> Absolutely.
>> They've been there from the beginning.
Yeah. I mean right Christ came as a Jew
right the temple but the people that
converted and have lived there for
centuries are in fact I think there's
been studies done that if you the
Palestinians living there now and they
are the Canaanite descendants people
that have been there for centuries.
>> But the United States is a majority
Christian country that pays for a huge
percentage of the Israeli economy both
through trade and direct grants and
military assistance and all the rest.
Israel couldn't exist without the United
States. So it has the support of so many
Christians in the United States. And I
don't know if they're fully
>> I mean I don't agree with this uh with
Tak Carson just for little moment there.
Um he's saying that um Israel cannot
exist without America's support. Uh
America is Israel. United States of
Israel. Israel is United States. United
States is Israel. They are owned. You
guys are owned by Israel. I just want to
say that even though I applaud and
appreciate what her cousin is doing
along with Candace Owens, genuine
Christians, less car, mother Agapia,
Agapia, if that I think that's what it
is. Um um you know, yeah.
>> Where um I want to think they would care
if they knew
>> how the Christians are doing. I keep
reading that the Christian population in
the region has declined dramatically
since Israel became a state in 1948.
>> And I'm not quite sure why. Well, again,
I think it has to do because the whole
issue is that Israel has continued to
grow and think that they can dominate
the Christian areas, the the areas of
Palestine. So, they make it very
difficult for anyone else to be able to
live there. As simple as that.
>> You think Christians would get a special
pass or dispensation because the United
States is the great patron and it's a
Christian country.
>> Exactly. This is what a lot of people
think. They actually think they would
get a um you know, they would just get
away with it. No, you you you wouldn't
because you need to understand according
to Zionist Jews and Judaism, you need to
understand um you are despised. Like in
Islam, Islam is very tolerant with this
matter because in Judaism, idol, it's
it's full-blown decimation. You cannot
have idols. In Islam, that's not the
case. You can have that. Christians were
protected under Muslims. So was Jews. So
they their crosses, their churches,
their priests, uh people like mother
Agapia here would have been protected
under Islamic rule. And Salad Aubar when
they conquered Jerusalem, they
demonstrated that you know, but under
Judeaic law, that's not the case. That's
the reason why you can see the
population decrease. But we're going to
come to that in because very
interestingly when I go to Google and
check the decline of the Christian
population, it gives me another answer.
I wonder who it's influenced by. Mosad,
let's carry on.
>> No, because well, the problem you have
is one with the Christians, the ones who
don't recognize the Christians in the
Holy Land as being fully Christian
apparently because why would a cru I I
have a very hard time understanding why
someone who who is calls himself a
Christian and then gives money to
support the building of settlements. Do
you understand what that means? The
settlements are in the areas of
Palestine. They're taking over the land
that belongs to the people of Palestine.
And this has been going on isolated.
I've been there since 1996 and I've seen
the continued growth of the settle. I
lived in Bethany, biblical Bethany.
Beyond and over the mountain, Mount of
Olives was the convent I was in in
Jerusalem. And to the east of me was the
settlement of Maladam in 1998. It was a
relatively small settlement then. And
then you go down the road to Jericho. It
was one lane. It's now a larger highway.
And that settlement of Malim is like a
huge city and has closed off the people
of Bethany. We are closed off in Bethany
from going to our convent in Jerusalem
because of the wall that was built on
Palestinian land on Christian land to
there's a there's a Christian home for
boys that the Israelis just took over
and cut up to make part of the wall that
separated. So they weren't it wasn't
done for security to build that wall. It
was done simply to expand the borders of
Israel.
>> I mean look Christian Zionist in
America. You are literally funding
Israel because you believe in this
biblical uh prophecy whatever for that
matter at the detriment of your fellow
Christians. This is how diluted you guys
are. Now just quickly touching up on the
uh population uh decrease in the
occupied areas. This is what AI had to
say. They just check this out guys.
Yeah. The Christian population Israel
and Palestine territories have been
significantly uh significant decline.
Okay. Particularly areas under the
Palestinian authority and Hamas control.
So when you hear that you're like, "Wa,
okay, these Islamist jihadist, these
these terrorists are, you know,
persecuting the Christians, which is a
big fat lie because in history, Islam
has protected Christian minorities
against other Christians. While the
overall number of Christians in Israel
has increased, oh my gosh. Okay. Um
their uh their percentage of the total
population has decreased due to higher
growth rate growth rates of other
religious groups. Factors like
immigration, violence, economic
hardship, and political instability
contribute to this trend, especially in
places like Bethlehem and Gaza. Now,
let's read him. Decline in Palestinian
territory. Check this out now.
Significant decrease. The Christian
population in areas under Palestino for
Hamas control has plummeted. So, you're
thinking, "Oh my god, they're killing
these integrations." And no, cuz the
mother there is showing us what's really
happening. Bethlehem's decline.
Bethlehem once a predominantly Christian
city has been has seen a drastic
reduction in Christian population. Gaza
shrinking Christian community. Look at
this. The Christian population in Gaza
has also experienced a sharp decline
particularly after Hamas took control.
Factors contributing to the decline.
Check this out guys. Yeah. Immigration.
Many Christians are leaving due to
limited economic opportunities and
ongoing Israeli Palestinian conflict.
Not conflict, genocide. Yes. Which that
is understandable. That's only valid
thing. Um that's fair uh media by non
media by here uh or affected by the
mossad violence and coercion reports of
violence religious discrimination and
coercion to convert to Islam contribute
to the exodus. This is absolute bull
crap because in Islam you it is
forbidden for you to force anyone to
accept Islam. Economic hardship,
political instability. I wonder who is
influencing
this here. Let's see. Let's carry on.
Let's carry with the reaction video. Who
are those people living over there? How
come there's only cars with yellow
plates here? And then we were in Jericho
and I saw these green and white plates.
What does that mean going on? They don't
understand it. So they don't get the
concept. Yellow plate is for people who
live in the state of Israel and they can
go on certain roads. Uh all roads and uh
for Palestinians who have a Jerusalem ID
are allowed to have a car with a yellow
plate. And then Palestinians have green
and white plates and they cannot use. So
over that time that I've been here as
the settlements have grown, you build
the infrastructure for it, the
electricity, the roads, separate roads
that are used only by people that have
yellow plates. as a foreigner and part
of a foreign church um we were entitled
to have either those or they also white
diplomatic plates kind of diplomatic and
religious plates that are there. So
there's very much an aparttheid system.
>> Okay, let's just quickly fact check that
inshallah guys. So let's fact check the
whole uh driver uh thing. Okay, so it
says the term apartheid road or
segregated roads refers to certain
highways in the West Bank where Israeli
vehicles with Israeli license plates are
allowed to travel freely while
Palestinian vehicles with Palestinian
license plates face restrictions or are
prohibited. Critics argue that the
system mirrors aspects of apartheid. It
flippant is a part. What are you talking
about? By creating separate and unequal
systems of transportation based on
ethnic and ethnic ethnicity or
nationality. So as you can see what
she's saying is true because she lives
on the ground. But with the far right
Tommy Robinson, Liam Tu, yes Ted Cruz,
would you guys know about this? No, of
course not. Yes, Liam T, you don't want
to know about this cuz you know your
whole the propaganda that your friend
Tommy Robinson is saying will be
destroyed and dismantled in front of
your eyes by me. That's why you did not
get me on your uh podcast. But that
doesn't mean we are not going to meet.
We will meet uh and have a nice
discussion together. So, but let's carry
on to the reaction video hopefully.
>> I'll just be totally blunt with you. The
most Americans are aware that there's a
system something like what you just
described.
>> But the pretext for the justification
for it is that there's a lot of Islamic
terrorism and there are a couple of
suicide bombings and it's Islamic
terror. Most Americans have been taught
for 25 years Islamic terror is this is a
threat and you know there's some truth
in that of course
>> but so we assume
>> that Christians would be getting an
exemption from all this. Why would
Christians who are not responsible for
Christian terror? There's no such thing.
>> Uh because um Taka Carson which you need
to understand in the theology of Judaism
they hate Mary. They call her an
adulterer. They say that the Jesus is
burning in his own feces. They despise
him. And if you go read the Talmud, you
will really understand what they
actually think about both of us. We're
both Gentiles by the way. Yeah. They
know and they hate you, your guts more
than they hate ours because of the whole
idol worship cross. We believe Jesus is
God. As Muslims, we don't believe. We
believe God is one. A lot of uh a Jews
can come and pray in a in a mosque. They
won't go into a church, though. However,
as Muslims, we're allowed to pray in a
church to our God. Of course, without
any, you know, facing an idol for that
matter, they hate your guts, my friend.
That's the reason why.
>> Why would they be penalized for this?
Why wouldn't they, again, when the
patron saint state is majority
Christian, why wouldn't the Christians
there be getting some kind of special
pass? I I just don't understand that.
Why push the Christians for Islamic
terror?
>> Because I don't think it's Islamic
terror that's taking place in the first
place. I think we have to disabuse
ourselves of that notion that this is a
a battle between Muslim and Jew.
>> Oh man, I'm gonna I'm gonna say this to
Liam Tough. Oh man, you didn't have me
on your podcast, man. But these are the
truth. This is If you're not a
Christian, I think you're an atheist.
Your friend Tommy, uh the absolute cow
with intellectual flipping who
punches people can't punch back. Yes.
Okay. This is a Christian woman. A She's
a She's I think she's a nun. I don't
know. Yeah. who's on the ground telling
us the reality that oh terrorism and
this that blah blah blah blah she is
dismantling it. Yes. Listen to it
carefully.
>> Or that you know constantly you heard
after October the October event was that
the Hamas Ham Ham Ham Ham Ham Ham Ham
Ham Ham Hamas Hamas even to this day we
hear it's Hamas Hamas. What is Hamas?
Hamas are people who have had their
homes taken from them who if they live
in Gaza have not been able basically
been open air prison for certainly the
last 20 years going on. Even when the
Israelis withdrew from Gaza they didn't
leave open borders. There was no freedom
for people in Gaza to develop their
economy. If I know people who wanted to
try to go to school in America and
>> hold on a second, she's here defending
Hamas.
This is this. By the way, I'm just
making it clear. I'm not I'm not here to
defend anybody for I'm telling you no.
Now, she a Christian mother Agapia is
defending Hamoth and she's trying to
rationalize and I'm I'm trying to think
to the far right. The far right. Yes.
Okay. Tom Robinson, Liam Tuft, all the
rest. Okay. These Islamophobes, they
Islamophobes. Yes. I thought Liam TS is
not Islamophob. He's a Islamophobe. Yes.
Um you guys have an issue. You say you
blame groom and gangs on Islam that's
got nothing to do with Islam. Migration
or most of immigration is coming from
Hindu nations or Chinese or Christian
nations okay to the UK. When it comes to
the grooming issue like for us as Islam
we deal with the with root for the
problem. All of those culprits whoever
they they are pedophiles majority of
them white middle-aged men that look
like Tommy Robinson with all the
respect. Yes. Okay. He fits the criteria
more. Islam will deal with it in a very
harsh way. But when it comes to grooming
issue, you guys have a massive issue and
you would if there was a law passed that
every single groomer or whoever they are
whatever for that matter, okay, should
be dispelled from the country, expelled,
yes, I would vote. I'll be in the front
lines voting, etc. But the irony, the
funny thing is this individuals who have
committed these crimes against innocent
girls. Yes, you would not want to them.
You would kill, you will kill them. Just
imagine for a second, these foreigners,
whoever they are, they come to your
lands, kick you out of your house, Liam.
Tommy Robinson said, "Kick you out of
your house. Take your house. Take your
kill your children. Bomb your children.
Massacre your family." Yes. And then you
are called a terrorist. Would you buy
that? Now I don't blame you Liam tough
for not having me on your podcast cuz
you know exactly where it would go. So
that's the reason why our the point is
the following. UN says that they they
have a right to arm resistance. I'm
talking about the resistance. I'm not
talking about Hamas. They have a right
to arm resistance. But look at the
hypocrisy. Let's carry on. We couldn't
get out of Gaza. You know, I had had a
fullbrite scholarship and and weren't
able to leave.
>> Couldn't get out.
>> Israel didn't give our permission. So,
what kind of freedom is that? If you
live in Gaza,
>> they couldn't even fly out.
>> No. And there the airport had been
bombed in what 200 early on there was
airport built soon after the Oslo
Accords. But Israel has intervened many
time in Gaza and little by little
destroyed. You know, when I first went
there in 2002 after the second started,
I remember saying to my mother back
home, you know, this is genocide even
genocide by Chinese water torture. But
now we're seeing genocide on steroids.
You're American, I should say.
>> Yes. I'm born in America. Yeah. Lived in
America. And um so, and getting back to
Hamas, so also the school. Oh my god,
she's being paid by Hamas. She is Hamas.
Okay. Funny. Okay. Yes.
>> Why was that? Has 350 girls. It's in a
in a town that's 98% Muslim. Um though
it has roots. I mean, it's the roots of
where Beth on our school grounds is a
stone from the sixth century. This is um
this is where Christ met Martha at the
resurrection. You know, so we're talking
about and it's the road leading they're
still part of the road, the road that
existed when Christ walked during that
time and would have seen Lazarus and
Martha and Mary. Lazarus's tomb is down
the road, right? But it's and so
permeated even with Palestinian Muslim
culture is the sense that Christians
lived here and they recognize Jesus as a
prophet. So they respect him as and so
there there's I'm not saying that
everything is perfect. You can't have
division just like even with uh with
Christians. You know some Christians
might think we should have uh uh allow
politics to be in the church or or
legislate Christian morality and others
would think totally different. So you
can have sort of differences opinion if
you will and we can all live with each
other between that. So with Muslim and
Christian they can have their
differences but overall the Palestinian
culture is infused with both there.
>> So you were a nun in a majority Muslim
town Christian nun in your habit.
and which also was to an advantage
because pious Muslims are not jihadists
the ones that I honestly say other parts
of the world that may be the case but in
Palestine it's simply not the case or or
Syria or Lebanon or Iraq the Muslims are
for the most part are it's they've all
grown up together the Christians and the
Muslims and um there's a certain amount
of commonality
>> oh my god they've been they've grown up
together I thought Tommy Robinson said
that we should be masculine and killing
them I thought our religion the Quran
says 121 verses you know intellectual
when I confronted you and asked
you 20 times show me a single verse that
says we should indiscriminately attack
innocent Christians or Jews or
non-Muslims. where where the Talmud says
that Judaism says that not Islam where
is it I thought so
>> respect and so me wearing being dressed
like this was just like many of the
women there right so they kind of
respected that there's the same sort of
conservative culture there's the same
sort of idea that we're both have some
same basic values of compassion for our
neighbor of doing of doing taking care
of our families and uh trying to live
they have their form of fasting and
almsgiving and it's actually very
important to them and I think the best
parts of Islam come from its development
from Christian ideas that that Muhammad
came to know I'm sure of that that's a
you can sense it
>> this is a very different story from the
one that we're told the American media
that Christians are imperiled by Muslims
in the Middle East.
>> They are not imperiled by uh Muslims in
in Palestine. That is an absolute fact.
And uh yeah, that's just simply not the
case. And again, going back to my
school, in our school, we had icons
which are part of the Orthodox
tradition, pictures of saints and
crosses in every classroom. No problem
with that. I could show you a photograph
I can now, but of the graduates of the
the latest high school graduation, and
you know, they're embracing the nuns
there. They're dressed actually in a
more secular way. And yeah, it all it
all students were Muslim.
>> All Yeah. 98%. The only students were
Muslim. Yeah. Yeah. And about half the
And about half the teachers during the
time I was there some Muslim. Some
Christian
>> in a Christian school.
>> Yes. And actually that's all throughout
Palestine. The Orthodox is relatively
small. We do have schools in in many of
the Palestinian towns, but also Catholic
schools, Lutheran schools. And most of
the population, most of the students are
Muslims.
>> Huh.
>> Bro, look at his reaction, bro. He's
like, he's mind blown. He's like He's
like, "What the Tucker Carson's like?
What the Did you see his reaction? It's
like someone punched him in the face.
What?" He's like, "We have been lied to
for 25 years with the propaganda by
Benjamin Netanyahu. May Allah rip him
into pieces. Lied by him. Islamic jihad
there is this that and then you got
mustads shields like Tommy Robinson
patriots apparently patriots but they'll
put another country before him. You know
he he was supposed to go join the IDF.
Yeah. He'll get liquidated bro. You'll
get liquidated. I dare you to go bro. I
dare you to go. Yes. Anyways. Yeah. He
was supposed to go. Okay. He is
bewildered. Carlson is bewildered. The
guy's like what? And now we're just
going to quickly dissect. I'm going to
carry on the video and then we're going
to go to you know she said the mother
Algapia she said that um the cross is
Muslims uh respect etc. Now you might be
thinking, "Oh, it's just the experience,
etc., whatever." Oh, no, no, no. We we
have evidence, we have evidence for that
from our religion that we do not
desecrate the cross. Let's carry on.
>> And and the beautiful thing about where
the great danger is, if the Christians
continue to diminish, uh a key part of
Palestinian society and within Israel as
well, you go to Nazareth, you'll see
many Catholic run hospitals, schools,
and so it's a fabric. It's a part of the
whole character.
>> But I I'm just still confused by the
idea that the Christian population is
declining under Israeli rule. You would
think just the opposite. What gives them
the what I observed from my time in
Israel and going back every year is that
they do not want any Palestinians there.
So the majority of pal of Christians in
Israel and Palestine are Palestinian.
>> Well interesting. Isn't that bizarre?
You know the far right say you know the
Christians you know we Muslims persecute
the Christians etc. Well let's do some
facts in it. Let's check. So Salah alubi
when he conquered Jerusalem. Yes. If you
guys uh remember um Salah it says
Saladin treated Jews and Christians in
Jerusalem with a mix of tolerance and
pragmatism after taking the city in
1187. While he did not massacre the
Christians and the Jews Jewish
population like the crusaders had done
in the past he did impose ransoms and
restrictions particularly on the frank
Western European Christians. Yes,
there's a reason why because they were
the uh culprits. They were the ones who
were causing the fa and even them he
allowed them to go. Even them. But hold
on a second. I fought in Islam. We were
supposed to massacre everybody. The
crusaders did that to the Muslims and
the Jews. Yes. This whole thing of
anti-semitism. Yes. And the infidel word
comes from the crusaders, my friend.
It's not Islamic. It's from the
crusaders cuz you guys believe the
Christians believe that um the Jews
killed their God. So they hated the
Jews. Okay. For that matter. He allowed
Christians to practice their religion
and maintain their holy sight. But also
ensured Muslim controls the city. Well,
of course, Muslim going to control the
city cuz they control the area. Yes.
Unlike the brutal attack on Jerusalem by
the crusaders in 1099,
yeah, the year 1099, Salad's conquest
was relatively restrained. He did not
slaughter the population. Okay. Saladin
allowed the Frankish Christians to leave
the city after paying ransoms. He also
restricted movement and interactions
with the Muslim population. Religious
tolerance. Saladin permitted Saludin
permitted Christians and the Jews to
continue practicing their reli religions
and maintain their holy sites. He even
allowed Christian pilgrims to visit
Jerusalem. Oh, I thought we What
happened? And not only that, not only
that, let's go to the uh treaty of
Jerusalem. Let's just quickly read it.
This is an actual treaty by the Muslims.
This is the protection with the servants
of Allah.
Grant to the people of Palestine. Thus
protection is for their lives, property,
church, cross for the healthy and sick,
and for all their co-religioners. In
this way that their churches shall not
be turned into dwelling houses, nor
shall they be pulled down, nor any
injury will be done to them or their um
enclosures, nor to their crosses, and
nor will anything be deducted from their
wealth. No restriction shall be made
regarding their religious um ceremonies.
No Jew will be allowed to stay along
with them. This is this was a request
made by the Christians to the Muslim
ruler. They didn't want Christians. the
request by the Christians themselves to
maintain a stat status quo as there were
no Jews allowed in Jerusalem prior to
Muslim arrival.
Let's carry on man. Let's carry on.
Let's carry on.
>> Understand who he was and the okay? So
they follow only the law. And I think
that's why you see these are people that
can somehow justify allowing for the
starvation and ethic cleansing of so
many people because think of the stories
from the gospels where um Christ heals
the man with the withered hand and he's
looking behind him are the Pharisees and
he's grieved at their hardness of heart
because he was healing healing doing a
work on the Sabbath day and that was
against the law.
>> And so now these Christians of wrong
belief believe that they need to rebuild
the temple as part of their plan. So
they believe that the current state of
Israel, which has nothing to do with
biblical Israel, is needed to be built
up so that then somehow they can restore
and build that temple, fulfill an
obligation of the law. And the price of
that, they're willing to forgo the
compassion that Christ talked about and
allow people to be starved and wiped
out. And Christians in America have to
understand,
>> just imagine, she's basically breaking
down the Christian Zionist and their
justification of letting Israel
committed genocide in Gaza. Please tell
me an in Islamic history. Of course,
there were some evil Muslims here and
there. anomalies. Where has Muslim
nations ever, ever, ever done what the
Christian West and Israel has done to
Muslims? Please tell me. And we are the
jihadist terrorists. Yeah.
>> That you're allowing both people who
support the state of Israel who are
Jewish or and those Christians who think
they're doing something in the name of
Christ when it's far from the name of
Christ and it's actually causing the end
of the Christian population in the Holy
Land. It's going to be the numbers have
dwindled. Now we're getting to the small
thousands. I just received a call the
other day. Jacob's well is in in the
large city of Nablas in the center of
the West Bank which has been grievously
um raids take place all the time and
it's very difficult. What happened the
other day was that a a Christian run
factory in Nablas there's about 600 uh
families around 600 Christians number of
churches and Jacob as well which is a
very important site to us. We always go
there on a pilgrimage when we can and
their factory um no warning no permit
first on June 26th I believe Israeli
army came in and confiscated some of the
factory equipment and then uh two weeks
later they came and blew up a big
portion of the uh factory. So how are
people supposed to have I they they gave
no reason. There was no permit. They
have a lawyer. They have lawyers. There
has been, as far as I know to this
>> because they hate you Christians.
They hate your gut.
You fund them and they hate you. They
bite, not bite, they rip the hand that
feeds them, the United States of Israel.
>> They no court order, no reason. And the
only thing I mean quickly what popped
into my head because it's a metal-making
factory. Okay, they must be using it to
make weapons, right? These are
Christians who've been there for
decades, the centuries, I think, even
the family. And um it's a well-known
business. All right. And um no no order
was given and and quite I almost feel uh
a little worried about saying anything
because I don't know what the
repercussions will be with that family
cuz they have no recourse. Who do they
go to?
>> Where's Ted Cruz in all this? Ted Cruz
talks about how he's a Christian. Mike
Johnson is a speaker of the house talk
about how he's a Christian. They talk
about a lot actually.
>> I I think they have to we have to
>> they have to turn a blind eye to that.
Why? Because if you look at the the
Christian uh Zionist, what do they
believe? The Christian Zionist supports
Israel primarily due to primarily due to
the interpretation of the biblical
prophecy which they believe mandates the
return of Jewish people to the holy land
and the establishment of the state of
Israel as a precursor for the second
coming of Christ. This belief system
known as the Christian Christian Zionism
along suggests that supporting Israel is
a way to acrue personal blessings or
fulfill God's will. So, uh, Muslim
biblical prophecies at the end of times.
Many Christians believe that the return
of Jews to Israel is a necessary step in
fulfilling the biblical prophecies to
return to the end of times. In a
nutshell, it's to their own detriment.
They're basically saying when Christ
comes, he's going to slaughter the Jews
and everybody else, etc. So, they're
like, "Yeah, we'll allow them to do
that." You could see uh what's actually
going on. It's very bizarre and uh
funny. I
>> I'm not sure that they can be done by uh
we have to battle Apac and the Christian
Zionist by the Christians standing up
say, "Not in my name. We can't be doing
this." So if they're getting money from
these organizations, then Christians
have to have enough concern to say, "I
don't want this happening in my name."
>> No. And to my brothers in Christ.
>> Right. Exactly. And not only it's the
real people, the living stones that are
there that that keep the churches open,
that keep things going, but also for our
Christian legacy. You know, we're
supposedly a country based on a
Judeo-Christian heritage, right? But so
where is that Judeo-Christian heritage
when you're destroying the very
foundations of it? St. Jerome translated
the Bible in Bethlehem. His his the
cells where he was at are under the
Church of Nativity. you know, the very
roots of our Christian heritage are
there and we're letting it be destroyed
now physically and uh yeah, physically
by killing the people, but also there's
a wonderful person when you talk about
resistance. This all started with Hamas.
So, for the most part, I would say there
a resistance move simply people fighting
for their people trying to protect their
land. Um, and I don't know if we want to
reach into the area of the whole problem
is is there was never defined what
Palestine is. You know again I'm not
here to defend Hamas or anyone for that
matter but any group of people that
defend their people were deemed as
heroes generally whatever it is that for
example if you have a foreign nation
Russians or whatever coming to the UK
and there were group of people who stood
up they be seen as heroes patriots
trying to fail the country and if you
look at it how much is described as a
terrorist organization majority by the
west yes it's not all European countries
if I'm not mistaken but the other side
of the world China Russia and other
places they're not deemed so um it's
even subjective because on what bas deem
them to be terrorists like Nelson
Mandela was deemed to be terrorists when
they were fighting apartheid in South
Africa.
>> So there you go. I mean that's her
opinion. Let's carry on.
>> You say it's more hostile. You see these
videos of Christians priests with
crucifixes around their necks getting
spit on Jerusalem. Are those real?
>> Yes. And I mean that's happened before.
You know, even from the first days that
I would there'd be occasionally
something like that. And occasionally
there were uh graffiti put on walls. Uh
yeah. Sprayed on Jesus a monkey 2013.
Yeah. That's right. In Topka the where
the multiplication of the the loaves and
the fish a Catholic community graffiti
there talking about getting rid of the
idols or something like that. at some
sort of Old Testament statement and and
burning burning a statue of the Virgin
Mary in parts of the monastery there.
>> Well, you know, in a nutshell, that's
that shows a a this is what they do. A
Zionist, a true Zionist, when he sees
Tommy Robinson, he would he has to spit
on him. That's what they believe cuz
they believe you're idol worshippers.
Yes. So, you defend them, but they
should spit on you. You can't make stuff
up, bro. That's what I say. Some of you
Christians know at all cuz Allah says in
the Quran says some of the Christians
are not the same. Some of them are good
people. Yes, they're not the same. Yeah.
And in their religion is what? that they
have to spit on this US as idol
worshippers. You
>> know anyone who's been spit on? Any
Christians have been spit on?
>> Me.
>> Have you been spit on?
>> Of course. Yeah.
>> What do you mean? Of course. That's
disgusting.
>> Yeah. Well, but that's the least of it.
That's the least of it.
>> But again, I'm saying this as a
perspective from the perspective of
someone who lives in a majority
Christian country that's paying for all
of this. So, that's kind of the
>> that's I'll tell you a story. My
father's a priest, right? A Greek house,
which mean he was wearing a collar suit.
He visited one time and we visited the
town of visited the town of Tya
>> and uh there was a checkpoint before you
entered into the town.
>> Can you give us a perspective where is
Tiba is biblical Ephraim? It's when
Christ after he raised Lazarus from the
dead, he went about 10 miles to the
northeast of Jerusalem, Bethany area to
prepare himself before he would come
back to Jerusalem for his crucifixion.
Ephraim is is known as the town of um of
compassion of solace even in the time of
Saladine. They came actually it was
called Ephraim. It's now called Tiba
which means the good or the beautiful.
So was sort of had that reputation. So
he went there to prepare himself for his
crucifixion 20 miles not even 20 miles
from from Jerusalem.
>> Interesting. So it was your father who
was
>> my dad. Yeah. An American priest. Yeah.
Dressed as a priest and my mom was there
too. So we're going to drive. So there's
a checkpoint sort of at the entrance of
the town and then you have many olive
groves which by the way I was telling
someone the other day uh they have about
8,000 acres of land let's say and over a
quarter of it has been confiscated
either by settlers and the army allowing
them to take their olive grows and they
have no recourse. There's no
>> who wants the land.
>> Palestinian Christian families
>> and it's been confiscated from Christian
families.
>> Well confiscate. What do you do when
they have guns and you don't?
>> I don't know. You call your patron
church in the west and you say raise a
state. Call Ted Cruz.
>> Settlers burned the brush and also
there's a cemetery right next to it.
Burned that area.
>> Burn the cemetery.
>> Everything's stone there. So nothing
burns but they burned the area around
there. They have grass and brush that
was burned. And not only that,
>> just imagine this is what the Christians
are going through. Imagine this is what
the Christians are going through. He's
behooked is absolutely mindboggled.
Like I said, be a good Tommy. Be
a good my friend.
>> I was shocked when I saw how much
they've infiltrated. It's one thing the
entrance of town and you've taken the
open land, the olive groves. They have
bed in that town. There's a beer
factory, a distillery, a hotel and
bedwins are living have been forced off
their land around there and are now
living at with allowance of the
Christians to to be there because they
have no place else to go and no one to
protect them. So, Ambassador Huckabe
comes and he's very concerned because an
attack on a church and also that same
week a Palestinian American had been
shot dead by settlers or beaten to
death. Sif was a lot 20 not even from a
couple miles away and he was going to
address that as a Palestinian American
to to see that Israel would investigate.
Nobody's been arrested or died.
>> He's an American citizen.
>> Yes, he's from Florida. He's often just
like
>> American citizen was beaten to death
>> by settlers
>> and no one was arrested. No, never
happens down.
>> Yes. Um, not only that, brothers and
sisters, let me just show you guys just
quickly. And another American Ayad, a
father of five and former Chicago
resident, was a second US citizen to be
killed in the West Bank in July. Earlier
that month, Israel settlers beat
20-year-old Safeah Musah to death in
Sinjil, a a town that neighbors Silwad.
American citizens, bro. There you go.
There you go. Brothers and sisters, that
was it. If you want to watch the full
podcast, it's in T Carson's uh YouTube
channel. You can go check it out. Thank
God the Christians are waking up this
reality. It's the beginning of the end
of Zionism and their evil ways. And
hopefully we will live to see the end.
And for the far right, I challenge
anyone of you guys on this topic. Come
le square Friday and Sunday. Come see me
if you're a man. Intellectual war. Let's
go.
Fly overhead.